
Clear Lake, Indian Valley, Solano Decree

Chart: Available Clear Lake Water 
The water volume available from Clear Lake under the Solano Decree (blue), the simulated Clear Lake elevation at the Rumsey Gauge (green line, on the right vertical axis), and the full allocation Rumsey Gauge level (yellow line, on the right vertical axis). Note that values are for the last day of the month. Note that dashed lines and areas are based on forecasted meteorology, and solid lines and areas are based on observed meteorology and reservoir storage. 

Chart: Indian Valley Storage 
The volume of stored water in the Indian Valley Reservoir (green line), the volume of stored water from the previous water year (red line), the Top of Conservation (blue), and the long-term average storage (green). Long-term average is a mean of water years 1991-2020 observed monthly reservoir storage from CDEC. Note that dashed lines are based on forecasted meteorology, and solid lines and areas are based on observed meteorology and reservoir storage. 

Chart: Combined Storage 
The water volume available from Clear Lake under the Solano Decree (blue) and the volume of store water in Indian Valley Reservoir (green), as a stacked chart.  Note that dashed lines are based on forecasted meteorology, and solid lines and areas are based on observed meteorology and reservoir storage. 

 
Irrigation Demand 

Chart: Capay Dam Diversions 
Simulated diversions from Cache Creek at the Capay Diversion Dam.  Simulated diversions to the West Adams Canal (blue) and the Winters Canal (green).  Simulated farmgate deliveries representing Cache Creek Diversions minus seepage losses (yellow line).  Note dashed lines and areas are based on forecasted meteorology, solid lines and areas are based on observed meteorology. 

Chart: Reservoir Releases 
Releases from Clear Lake and Indian Valley Reservoir for irrigation (blue) and for flood control (green). Note dashed areas are based on forecasted meteorology, solid areas are based on observed meteorology. 

Recharge 

Chart: Monthly Precipitation 
Precipitation data obtained from the gridMET climate dataset at Clear Lake (blue), Indian Valley Reservoir (green), and Davis (yellow). Note dashed areas are forecasted values, solid areas are observed values. 

Chart: Cache Creek Flow at Yolo 
Simulated flow on Cache Creek at Yolo gage (green). The groundwater recharge flow threshold is 50 cfs (yellow line). Long-term average (blue) is a mean of water years 1991-2020 observed monthly discharge from USGS gage 11452500. Note dashed line is based on forecasted meteorology, solid line is based on observed meteorology. 

Chart: Reservoir Inflows 
Simulated inflows to Clear Lake (blue) and Indian Valley Reservoir (green). Note dashed areas are based on forecasted meteorology, and solid lines are based on observed meteorology.  

Outputs for YSGA 

Chart: Water Table Elevation, Depth to Water, and Potentially Impacted Wells 
Simulated groundwater elevation data shown as water table elevation and depth to water. Impacted wells are (brief description from Sarah). Groundwater elevation at the location of the well was determined to be below (red dot) or above (green dot) each well’s threshold (depth + 30 ft). Points labeled no data (grey dot) are outside of model domain or have a depth that is beyond the model aquifer elevation. 
All values are simulated and based on observed and forecasted meteorology.  

Chart: Monthly Change in Groundwater Storage 
Change in subbasin groundwater storage from the end of the previous month. Note dashed line is based on forecasted meteorology, solid line is based on observed meteorology. 

Chart: Representative Monitoring Wells-Average Depth to Water 
Average depth to water of the YSGA’S 62 Representative Monitoring Wells using observed data (red line) and simulated outputs (grey line). Values are for March and September of water years 1971-present. Sacramento Valley Water Year Type (40-30-30 Index) is shown as a chart background fill color. Note simulated dashed line and current water year type is based on forecasted meteorology, solid simulated line and historical water year type is based on observed meteorology.  

 

 